the game plan the game plan is a 2007
American family comedy film directed by
Andy fickman starring Dwayne the rock
Johnson it follows a professional
quarterback who finds out he has an
eight-year-old daughter from a previous
relationship
welcome to the Amagi in today's video
we're going to recap the Disney film the
game plan before we begin we publish new
content every week so be sure to
subscribe to our Channel and ring the
bell to get notified about our latest
videos in the last game of the American
Football Federation regular season
between the Boston rebels and the New
York Dukes rebels quarterback Joe
Kingman scores a touchdown after
ignoring an open wide receiver Travis
Sanders the next morning an 8 year old
girl named Payton Kelly arrives on Joe's
doorstep saying that she is his
biological daughter and that is divorced
wife sent her there to meet him his
agent Stella Peck thinks this will be
bad for his image and distracts him with
the upcoming playoffs
at the opening of his own restaurant Joe
inadvertently leaves without Payton and
is on the cover of a tabloid the next
day
Stella decides Joe needs a new fatherly
image at a later press conference the
reporters make Joe miserable until
Payton comes to his defense saying that
he is new to this and trying the best he
can and that she thinks he's the best
father in the world
Payton then says that Joe has to repay
her so she has him take her to a ballet
academy run by Monique Vasquez Monique
has Joe joined their ballet performance
to show him that ballet takes just as
much off Lydick ability as football Joe
and Payton begin their relationship
after Payton brings his arrogant and
selfish behavior to his attention Joe
takes Payton and her new friends to the
mall where he begins to develop romantic
feelings for Monique the rebels marched
through the playoffs via three road
games Denver in the wild-card round
Indianapolis in the divisional round and
finally Baltimore in the conference
round they eventually make it to the
championship game held in Arizona in a
rematch with the New York Dukes Stella
offers Joe a twenty five million dollar
endorsement deal with Fanny's burgers a
successful fast-food restaurant run by
Samuel Blake jr. if he wins the game and
mentions the product to the press while
at lunch with Joe and Monique Payton
accidentally reveals that her mother
does not know that she is with him she
was supposed to go to a ballet school
program for the month but instead she
ran away to be with Joe Payton then has
an allergic reaction to the nuts in the
dessert she was eating and Joe rushes
her to the hospital however the doctors
tell him that the reaction is mild and
his daughter is going to be fine
Joe's former sister-in-law and Payton
legal guardian Karen Kelly arrived to
take her home Joe discovers at Sarah his
ex-wife and Peyton's mother was killed
in a traffic collision six months
earlier and that Payton sneaked away on
her own after Payton overhears Stella
explaining that she would be a
distraction to Joe Karen and Payton
returned home later while going through
Peyton's bag under her bed Joe finds
some photos and reads a letter from
Sarah saying that she had Payton away
from Joe not wanting Payton to be a
distraction to him as the championship
game begins Joe's mind is not fully set
on the game and he is soon injured Joe
is surprised to discover that Payton has
arrived with Karen understanding Joe's
earlier words about how he wants to
remain in Peyton's life Karen decides to
let Payton live with Joe near the end of
the fourth quarter Joe passes the ball
to the running back Jamal Webber who
gains positive yardage but fails to get
out of bounds
Joe hurries his team to the line with
the clock running and rushes ahead
before being knocked out of bounds
with time for one last play Joe throws a
lob pass to Sanders who catches the pass
allowing the rebels to win their first
championship in a postgame interview Joe
declines the Fanny burgers offer to be
with Payton did you enjoy our video be
sure to check out these other great
videos from the Amagi
and make sure to subscribe and ring the
bell to be notified about our latest
videos